Peopull Privacy Policy
We, at Peopull , take your privacy very seriously and abide by the following policy to ensure
your satisfaction. If you have any concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us
WHAT INFORMATION DOES 

Peopull COLLECT/TRACK ABOUT ME 
Peopull 's sole purpose is to assist you in finding your companion securely and privately.
Whether you are seeking friendship, social networking, dating or a serious relationship, Peopull  is here to help you.


To accomplish the above purpose, our members create unique profiles (provide personal information) 
and our matching technology provides matches based on pre-selected criteria.

The public (visitors, users, excluding employees of Peopull  or Peopull ’s service providers
or the financial institutions used to process membership charges) cannot use the information we gather to identify specific individuals.

Further, in order to facilitate commerce, might collect credit card or debit card information
, member's address, or bank information only from those who choose to join Peopull .
Visitors to our site may browse, search and view user profiles or features without entering any 
personal information.
WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
The Policy applies to websites/apps, blog
s or any services operated by Peopull . For this, we refer to all of these as our “services” in this 
Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we’ve added links to this Privacy Policy 
on all applicable services.

Some services may have their own privacy policy. If any service has its own policy, then that policy – not this Privacy Policy – applies.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We need some details to develop meaningful relations with information about you, such as 
basic profile details and the types of people you’d like to meet. We also collect 
information generated as you use our services, for example access logs, as well as 
information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social 
media account. If you want additional info, we go into more detail below.
Information you give us
This is the information you choose to give us when using our services. This includes:

When you create account, you provide us with at least login credentials, as well as some basic
details necessary for the service to work, such as your gender and date of birth.
When you create your profile, you share additional information, such as details on your
personality, interests and other details, as well as content such as photos and videos.
To add certain content, like pictures or videos, you may allow us to access your camera
or photo album. Some of the information you choose to provide us may be considered “special” 
or “sensitive” in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation
and religious beliefs. By choosing to provide this information, you consent to our processing of that information.
When you subscribe our services or make a purchase from us (rather than via a platform such as iOS or Android),
you provide us or the payment service provider with information, such as your debit or
credit card number or other financial information.
When you take part in surveys, you give us insights on products and services, responses to questions and testimonials.
When you participate in promotions, contests, we gather details that you use to register or enter.
When contacting customer care team, we gather details you give us during the process. 
Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people
(for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), 
we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
Of course, we also process your chats with other users as well as the content you publish, as part of the operation of the services.
Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:

Other Users: Other users may provide information about you as they use our services.
For instance, we may collect information about you from other users if they contact us about you.
Social Media: You may be able to use your social media login (such as Facebook Login) 
to create and log into your Peopull  account. This saves you from having to remember
yet another user name and password and allows you to share some information from your 
social media account with us.
Other Partners: We may receive info about you from our partners, for instance where Peopull 
ads are published on a partner’s websites and platforms (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign’s success).
Information collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you’ve used, 
how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:

Usage Information: We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance 
how you use them (e.g- date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches,
clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address, advertising that you click on) 
and how you interact with other users (e.g- users you connect and interact with, time and date of 
your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive).
Device information: We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services,
including: Hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, 
device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs
(such as Google’s AAID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers 
that you can reset by going into your device’ settings), browser type, version and language,
operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies 
that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address)
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength;
information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and compasses.
Other information with your consent. If you give us permission, we can collect your 
precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) through various means, depending on 
the service and device you’re using, including GPS, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections.
The collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you aren’t
using the services if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection.
If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it.
Similarly, if you consent, we may collect your photos and videos (for instance, 
if you want to publish a photo, video or streaming on the services).

COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
We use and may allow others to use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels) 
to recognize you and/or your device(s). You may read our Cookie Policy for more information 
on why we use them (such as authenticating you, remembering your preferences and settings, 
analyzing site traffic and trends, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising 
campaigns, allowing you to use social features) and how you can better control their use, through 
your browser settings and other tools. Some web browsers (including Safari, 
Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a “Do Not Track” (" DNT") feature that tells a website
that a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. If a website that responds
to a DNT signal receives a DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting 
certain information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT 
signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many businesses, including Peopull , 
do not currently respond to DNT signals.HOW WE USE INFORMATIONThe main reason we use
your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your 
info to help keep you safe and to provide you with advertising that may be of interest 
to you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your 
information, together with practical examples.

To administer your account and provide our services to you
Create and manage your account
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
Complete your transactions
Communicate with you about our services, including order management and billing
To help you connect with other users
Analyze your profile and that of other users to recommend meaningful connections
Show users’ profiles to one another
To ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various devices you use so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our 
services on all of them. We do this by linking devices and browser data, such as when you
log into your account on different devices or by using partial or full IP address, browser version
and similar data about your devices to help identify and link them.
To serve you relevant offers and ads
Administer sweepstakes, contests, discounts or other offers
Develop, display and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our services and other sites
Communicate with you by email, phone, social media or mobile device about products or services that we think may interest you
To improve our services and develop new ones
Administer focus groups and surveys
Conduct research and analysis of users’ behavior to improve our services and content 
(for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify 
a given feature based on users’ behavior)
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests-based
feature further to requests received from users).
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
Address ongoing or alleged misbehavior on and off-platform
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our Terms
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
Provide our service to you: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform 
the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service to build 
meaningful connections, we use your information to maintain your account and your profile, to make
it viewable to other users and recommend other users to you.
Legitimate interests: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. 
For instance, we analyze users’ behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings, 
we suggest offers we think might interest you, and we process information for administrative, 
fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for 
certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at 
the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATIONSince our goal is to help you make meaningful connections, 
the main sharing of users’ information is, of course, with other users. We also share 
some users’ information with service providers and partners who assist us in operating 
the services, with other group products and, in some cases, legal authorities. Read on for 
more details about how your information is shared with others.
With other users: You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose 
information on the service (including your public profile). Please be careful with your 
information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you’re comfortable being 
publicly viewable since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information 
once you share it.
If you choose to limit the audience for all or part of your profile or for certain content or 
information about you, then it will be visible according to your settings.

With our service providers and partners: We use third parties to help us operate and improve 
our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and 
maintenance, analytics, customer care, marketing, advertising, payment processing and security operations.
We may also share information with partners who distribute and assist us in advertising our
services. For instance, we may share limited information on you in hashed, non-human 
readable form to advertising partners.

We ensure to have strict confidentiality agreements when engaging any service provider or 
working with any partner. All of our service providers and partners must agree to strict 
confidentiality obligations.

With other group products:. Peopull  is part of the Verve Mobile Pvt Ltd and we have other products in the offering.
We may share your information with other group products to benefit you in two respects:

for other group products to assist us in processing your information, as service providers, 
upon our instructions and on our behalf. Assistance provided by other group products may 
include technical processing operations, such as data hosting and maintenance, customer care,
marketing and targeted advertising, finance and accounting assistance, better understanding how 
our service is used and users’ behavior to improve our service, securing our data and systems and
fighting against spam, abuse, fraud, infringement and other wrongdoings.
In order to improve your chances at building significant connections with others, we may make you 
visible on other group products or allow you to benefit from cross-platform functionalities. We will
of course comply with applicable law and, where relevant, notify you of any such opportunity and allow y
ou to agree or to refuse. Examples of such opportunities may include the creation of a new service 
within other group products, addressing a specific demographic that we feel would be interesting to 
you based on your search criteria.
We may also share information with other group products for legitimate business purposes such as 
corporate audit, analysis and consolidated reporting as well as compliance with applicable laws.
We may also share user information with other group products to remove users who violate our terms 
of service, or have been reported for criminal activity and/or bad behavior. In some instances, 
we may remove that user from all platforms.

For corporate transactions: We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or 
in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution,
bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
When required by law: We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a 
legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement 
investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime 
(subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
To enforce legal rights: We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our
liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and 
legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our 
agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal 
activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
With your consent or at your request: We may ask for your consent to share your information with 
third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
We may use and share non-personal information (meaning information that, by itself, does not
identify who you are such as device information, general demographics, general behavioral data,
geolocation in de-identified form), as well as personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, 
under any of the above circumstances. We may also share this information with other group products and 
third parties (notably advertisers) to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our services and on 
websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see. We may combine
this information with additional non-personal information or personal information in hashed, non-human 
readable form collected from other sources. More information on our use of cookies and similar technologies
can be found in our Cookie Policy.

YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information, so we have provided you with the following tools:
Access / Update tools in the service: Tools and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete 
information that you provided to us and that’s associated with your account directly within the service. 
If you have any question on those tools and settings, please contact our customer care for help here.
Device permissions: Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications,
such as phone book and location services as well as push notifications. You can change your settings on 
your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of
the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Deletion: You can deactivate your account by using the corresponding ‘Deactivate’ functionality directly on
the service or you can contact us to ‘Suspend/Delete’ your account. However, ‘Deactivating’ or ‘Suspending’ 
or ‘Deleting’ your account will only remove your profile from other user’s view. Your information may however,
show on certain search results. We also keep your information for record keeping.
We want you to be aware of your privacy rights. Here are a few key points to remember:
Updating your information: If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that
we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or object to its
processing, please customer care here.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity
before we can answer the above requests.

Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if 
it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user or if we need
to keep your data for record keeping. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such
as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have
to contact us to provide their written consent before the information is released. If you wish to receive
information relating to another user, wherein a profile has been created without your consent, we may be
able to pass on such information as per nature of the request.

Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information,
notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, 
we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth.
Uninstall: You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard 
uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique
identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application
on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions
and activities.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATIONWe work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration,
disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we 
take steps to secure your information, we cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personal
information will always remain secure. We cannot be held liable if your information gets ‘hacked’ and
if it is leaked or gets public.

We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review 
our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and
organizational security measures.

We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any 
breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us 
immediately here

In order to ensure that our systems and your information are protected against unauthorized access, 
theft and loss, we implemented a bug bounty program. For more information about our bug bounty program, 
you can contact usHOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATIONWe keep your personal information only as long as we
need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. In practice, we do not delete 
or anonymize your information of your account because:
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our 
Terms, Privacy Policy and other similar consents)
there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved or
the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing 
users’ safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned 
for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACYOur services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit 
users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone 
under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism 
available through the service.PRIVACY POLICY CHANGESBecause we're always looking for new and innovative ways
to help you build meaningful connections, this policy may change over time. We may or may not notify changes 
to specific privacy policy changesHOW TO CONTACT USIf you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us
