1. Terms of Use
1.1 In the course of registration as a user (creation of a user account by the user) at Peopull, the user agrees 
to the validity of these general conditions of use (hereinafter referred to as “GTC”). The user has the 
possibility at any time to take note of the provisions of the GTC in detail, to print out and/or to save.

Unless explicitly stated otherwise in these Terms and Conditions and/or on the individual Internet pages
of Peopull, these General Terms and Conditions shall apply to the use of all offers, contents, functions 
and other services (summary: applications) of Peopull.

2. Registration
2.1 The prerequisite for the use of the services is the creation of a user profile by the user, in which the
user can store electronic image files, which reproduce his profile as well as textual descriptions of the profile.
A requirement for registration as a user at Peopull is reaching the age of eighteenth (18th). Peopull is 
entitled, but not obliged, to check the age of the user on the basis of suitable official papers. 
Registration as a user requires that the user enters all mandatory data correctly into the 
electronic registration form that Peopull provides for these purposes.

2.2 If the user is of age, he/she is insured with the registration that he/she has completed the
eighteenth (18) year and is fully capable of working.

3. Establishment of user the agreement
3.1 In order to conclude the usage agreement, it is necessary to install the software offered 
by Peopull, via which the communication network is implemented, on the user’s (i.d.r. mobile) terminal.
In order to conclude the usage agreement, it is necessary for the user to register his person in the 
communication network via the software provided by the software.

3.2 Users are not entitled to conclude a usage contract. Peopull can refuse a beneficiary without stating reasons.
In such a case, Peopull will promptly delete the data provided by the respective user in the registration form.

4. Free basic occupancy, paid services
4.1 The free service agreement allows registered users to use the basic functions of Peopull (basic user),
particularly the representation of the data (image files / text files) intended for retrieval 
against other users, and the possibility, for example, of contacting other users via electronic messages 
within the (App) provided by Peopull for this purpose and to get to know them with mutual interest.
Peopull owes no success in this respect, but only the provision of the technical services to enable 
Peopull to make contact. Any form of marriage or matchmaking is expressly not covered by the contract.

4.2 In addition to the free use of the basic functions, registered users have the possibility to claim
additional services and features (summary: services) from Peopull for remuneration. The nature, content, 
scope, and prices of the available additional services can be found on the Peopull website or within
the app’s description. The fees to be paid may entitle to a single or multiple uses of a service,
to use as a credit for one or more services, for time-dependent use (e.g., days, weeks, etc.) of services,
or other forms of use. In addition to these terms and conditions, supplementary terms and conditions
of the respective provider which provide the availability of the software for a specific
operating system (e.g. Google Playstore), which also regulates the applicable payment modalities,
apply to the fee-based additional services. The user must agree to the supplementary conditions
before claiming the services in question, which results in a paid usage relationship. 
Insofar as the applicable supplementary terms do not contain any deviating regulations, 
all fees shall be due upon conclusion of the contract.

4.3 The content and scope of the basic functions offered by Peopull and the additional paid 
services may be modified, restricted, extended or discontinued at any time due to continuous
further development. If users have already paid fees for services that are subsequently
restricted or discontinued or whose use is possible in the future free of charge, the user
may require credit to other paid services or the repayment, if any, proportionate.
Any further claims of the user are excluded.

5. Cancellation/termination of the contractual relationship
5.1 The free basic user runs indefinitely and can be terminated by the user at any time,
most simply by deleting the user account in the settings, alternatively by e-mail (peopull.in@gmail.com) 

5.2 The ordinary termination of chargeable usage conditions is excluded if it is not a subscription.
If the user subscribes to a subscription, this will automatically be extended depending on the period
chosen, provided that the user does not terminate it within 24 hours’ notice of expiration. 
The termination of paid usage relationships has no influence on the existence of free basic
usage and the use of basic functions. In order to terminate the basic user, the user can delete
or cancel his profile at any time in accordance with clause 5.1. With the termination
of the basic use of payable usage conditions.

The right to extraordinary termination without notice for good cause shall remain unaffected
and shall be governed by statutory provisions.

6. Checking, blocking, deleting and securing user data
6.1 Peopull is entitled, but not obligated, to check the data and content set by users
for the compliance with the terms and conditions and laws and to block or delete the contents
concerned in whole or in part with the occurrence or imminent violations or legal violations.

6.2 The User shall take care of any data backup desired by the user. A data backup is not
provided by Peopull. Peopull assumes no liability whatsoever for the non-recovery of user
data within the software provided by Peopull (including databases) in the event of a loss
or damage to the data. Peopull’s liability is excluded in particular if any damage to the
user is due to the fact that it has not carried out its own data backups and thus ensured
that lost data can be recovered at a reasonable cost.

7. Access data
7.1 The user shall treat his access data, particularly his password, confidentially and shall
not pass them on to third parties or share them with third parties. Access data must be kept
secure before access by third parties. Passwords should be changed regularly, at least every three months.

7.2 Should the user make access to his access data, particularly passwords, third parties,
or otherwise use or disseminate them, Peopull has the right to temporarily or permanently
block the profile of the user concerned and to terminate the user agreement without notice.

7.3 If the user has reason to believe that a third party uses his access data and/or profile,
immediately inform Peopull in text form (letter, fax, e-mail) and Peopull shall provide all available evidence.

7.4 The user is solely responsible for the use of his access data, particularly passwords
, by third parties or for acts or explanations, which are made via his profile. The user
shall indemnify Peopull from all claims in respect of third parties, including the costs
of the defense (legal and judicial costs), at the statutory rate on the first request.
This does not apply if this is not the responsibility of the user. Peopull’s liability
for loss or misuse of the access data is excluded.

8. Data utilization and Data protection
8.1 Peopull collects, processes and uses personal data within the scope of the granted
consent and legal provisions. Without explicit consent, Peopull collects and uses personal
data only to the extent that this is necessary for the execution, use and, if necessary, settlement.

8.2 The data protection declaration provides information on which data are collected, 
stored and processed for what purpose, which minimum data are to be made, which can make
additional voluntary data available to the user, and how the security of the personal data
is guaranteed by Peopull. Furthermore, the data protection declaration provides information 
on technical questions concerning data protection (e.g. cookies, log files, etc.).

8.3 Peopull explicitly points out that the data published by users at Peopull are 
voluntarily made available to a broad public.

8.4 Despite the fact that Peopull is constantly updated by firewalls and other
protective devices, the highest possible security standards (in particular, SSL encryption of all data)
is absolutely impossible to protect data on the Internet against unauthorized third-party
access (hackers). Peopull is therefore not responsible for the unauthorized knowledge of
user data by third parties, which by unintentionally overcoming the protection devices
used against unauthorized access to stored data.

9. Liability of Peopull
9.1 Peopull assumes no liability whatsoever for the correctness, completeness, topicality,
and legality of the data and contents posted by users. This exclusion of liability applies,
particularly, if such content violates intellectual property rights (trademark rights, copyrights, etc.)
or personality rights (eg general principles of personality, right to own image, etc.)
of third parties. Peopull shall not be liable for any misuse of the content posted by
users by other users or third parties.

9.2 Peopull does not check the data and content posted by the users to Peopull by means
of a preliminary check. Peopull has no influence whatsoever on the contents of linked
third-party Internet sites, a prior check is not carried out. Peopull is neither possible
nor able to reasonably anticipate an ongoing control of the contents of third-party
users or the contents of linked third-party internet sites.

9.3 As soon as Peopull becomes aware of legal violations in the content posted by users
or on linked third-party sites, Peopull will remove such content and/or links within a
reasonable period of time and take all necessary technical and personnel measures to avoid
identical legal violations in the future. In addition, the user is obligated to provide
all information on request against Peopull on request, particularly to express himself
comprehensively to the complaint that content infringing the users’ profile has or has
been discontinued. The user is expressly obliged to cooperate in the removal of legal violations.

9.4 Insofar as this is not within the sphere of responsibility of Peopull or its vicarious
agents, Peopull is not liable for the uninterrupted usability or accessibility of Peopull,
for technical transmission delays or failures or for the correct functioning of infrastructures
or transmission paths of the Internet. Even as long as interruptions to the availability
of Peopull are necessary due to maintenance work, the liability of Peopull is excluded.

9.5 Peopull is not liable for damage caused by force majeure, war, terrorism, and
natural events or other events not foreseen by Peopull (eg strike, lockout, power failures,
traffic disruptions, public orders, etc.).

9.6 Peopull shall be liable for damage resulting from injury to life, body or health
in accordance with statutory provisions. The same applies to damages caused by intent
or gross negligence. In the case of a simply negligent breach of a material contractual
obligation (cardinal obligation), the liability of Peopull is limited to the replacement
of the foreseeable, typically occurring damage. Liability under the Product Liability Act
remains unaffected by the above regulations. Moreover, any further liability of Peopull is excluded.

9.7 If the liability of Peopull is excluded or restricted, this also applies to
Peopull employees, staff, representatives and vicarious agents.

10. Guarantees of the user
10.1 The user guarantees that the data provided by him during the registration (obligatory)
and later information on his person correspond to the truth and that the profile image
or other image files, which are transmitted, exclusively represent the user himself.
The user guarantees and agrees that no image files transmitted by him to be used in the
user profile, which can be used or used for publication within the software (app), 
will not be reproduced by third parties.

10.2 The user guarantees that the content he has set does not violate any legal regulations .

10.3 The user guarantees that all of the content (eg profile, texts, photos, graphics files,
links, brands, etc. in any form) which he or she has set out to be used on Peopull 
are protected by third parties (Eg personality, trademark, copyrights, etc.) neither exist nor be infringed.

10.4 The user is responsible for the technically perfect condition, as well as the 
virus-free nature of the content he has set and Peopull, is liable for any damages 
that Peopull incurs due to errors, viruses, worms, Trojans, etc. contained in the content he has set.
This does not apply if the user is not responsible for the damage of data.

11. Responsibility and obligations of the user
11.1 The user may only use Peopull’s services for private purposes according to
the terms of the agreement. The user is solely responsible for all content posted by the user to Peopull.

11.2 The user may only add contents (in particular texts, photos, illustrations, symbols, 
symbols, etc. in any form) to Peopull, insofar as the rights required for publication on Peopull are held.

11.3 The user may only send messages of any kind (messages, etc.) to users of Peopull 
solely for the purpose of private communication. The user is to refrain from any untruthful, 
offensive, harassing, defamatory, offensive, sexist, racist, extreme political, extreme religious
or extreme ideological expressions, or utterances that mislead the sender of the statement.
The User shall be responsible for the responsible use in the communication means made available to him.

11.4 The user is not allowed to transfer personal data of other users (eg names, photos, telephone, 
and fax numbers, address data, e-mail addresses, etc.) or personal messages of other users 
of Peopull (eg messages etc.) without express prior explicit consent of the data subject 
or to make it accessible to third parties.

11.5 The user may not publish, exchange or otherwise make access to any Peopull access 
data (in particular passwords) including his own access data for Peopull, codes or serial numbers of any kind.

11.6 The user may not place any links on websites with illegal content on Peopull. 
Likewise, users are prohibited from making any expressions, offensive, harassing, 
defamatory, offensive, sexist, racist, extreme political, extreme religious or extreme 
ideological expressions within the software in the user profile or otherwise on websites.

11.7 Setting the following contents to Peopull is not permitted to the user, regardless
of the form (eg in his or her own profile, in messages, etc.), without this list being 
final: Propaganda Means, Unconstitutional Organizations, Incitement, misleading or 
impersonating content, violence, threat, violation of human dignity, erotic representations 
of minors, pornography, advertisement or promotion of drugs, drugs or illicit substances of 
any kind in open or concealed form, as well as criminal contents of any kind Prohibition 
also extends to content that has satirical or criticizing the above circumstances.

11.8 Advertising by users – in whatever form -, in particular, but not exclusively, 
the sending of notices with commercial or otherwise company-related content (advertising, 
personnel recruiting, chain letters, pyramid schemes, competitions, lotteries, 
betting games, snowballs systems, etc.) Other users of Peopull, as well as the
use of personal data of other users (in particular names, photos, telephone, and
fax numbers, address data, e-mail addresses, etc.) for commercial purposes of any 
kind (especially advertising), is prohibited.

12. Electronic attacks
Electronic attacks of any kind on the Peopull servers/databases/network or on 
individual users are strictly prohibited. Any electronic attack will lead to the 
immediate exclusion of the responsible user (extraordinary termination without notice) 
and will be prosecuted – as far as legally possible – in civil and criminal law.
As electronic attacks are valid without this list being final:  

Hacking attacks and attempts to overcome, bypass, or otherwise disable Peopull’s security barriers
Intercept or attempt to intercept for other recipients of certain personal messages
Use of computer programs (eg crawler, spider, bot) for the automated reading, saving, 
editing, changing or forwarding of data from the Peopull databases or for the automated setting 
of content on Peopull. In your own profile, in messages, etc.
Intentional use and/or dissemination of data or content to Peopull which, by its nature or 
nature (eg errors, viruses, worms, Trojans, etc.), size or duplication (eg spamming, mail bombs, etc .)
To jeopardize the existence or operation of the data center or data network of Peopull or 
the computers and programs of users of Peopull
Intentional use of links, programs or other procedures that may or should be harmful to Peopull’s 
servers/databases/networks or individual users
Brute force attacks
Phishing
13. Legal consequences in case of violation of these terms and conditions
13.1 If the User violates one or more provisions of clauses 10 to 12 of these Terms of Use,
Peopull may block or delete affected content. In the case of serious infringements, Peopull 
may terminate the use agreement without notice. Any payment obligations due to effective 
reasons for reasonably paid usage will remain in this case.

13.2 The user shall indemnify Peopull against all claims, third parties against Peopull, 
their legal representatives and / or fulfillment aids due to a breach of the user against 
legal regulations (e.g. Indian StGB, TMG, BDSG, MDStV, press laws, UWG, HWG (Eg personal 
and / or intellectual property rights such as trademarks / copyrights, etc.), or against 
contractual obligations, assurances or guarantees, including the costs of the necessary 
legal defense (Legal and judicial costs at the statutory rate) on first demand. 
The user is obliged to assist Peopull in the defense of such third-party claims to
the best of his knowledge and to provide the necessary information and/or information for this purpose.

13.3 The assertion of further claims (eg damages, omission, etc.) and the reimbursement
of a criminal complaint remain unaffected.

14. Inclusion of third parties
14.1 Peopull shall be entitled to delegate the rights and obligations under this 
Agreement to third parties, in whole or in part, in particular, to commission third 
parties to provide parts or the entire range of services of its services provided that
this is reasonable for users and does not adversely affect the users , In particular 
the provision of the services and the fulfillment of the other contractual obligations 
of Peopull without restriction. The protection of data shall remain unaffected.

14.2 The user is not entitled to transfer the rights and obligations from the use 
relationship to third parties in whole or in part.

15. Change of terms and conditions
Peopull is entitled to amend these General Terms and Conditions at any time if and 
to the extent that this change is in the legitimate interest of Peopull. A legitimate
interest is in particular if the changes are necessary to fulfill legal requirements, 
to integrate new functions within the communication platform (software or APP) or 
because of changes in company orientation or processes.

The changed conditions will be announced to the user two (2) weeks before their 
entry into force or will be displayed within the software or app at or before the 
use of the app. If the user of the validity does not object to the amended terms
within two (2) weeks after receipt, the changed conditions are considered accepted.
Peopull will separately notify the user in the e-mail or within the software or app, 
which contains the changed conditions, the significance of the two-week period.
If the user rejects the validity of the amended terms, the user or Peopull can 
terminate the existing usage relationship at any time.

16. Severability clause
Should individual provisions of these General Terms and Conditions be or 
become impracticable, the validity of the General Terms and Conditions and
the Usage Agreement remain unaffected. The ineffective or impracticable provision 
shall be replaced by the effective and enforceable regulation whose effects are
closest to the economic objective pursued by the contracting parties with the
ineffective or impracticable provision. The above provisions apply in the event
that the contract proves to be incomplete.
